Add docs for automation payloads (#181)
vendasta/api-gateway-docs: docs/Guides/Automate/TriggerAutomation.md

Create an automation in the Vendasta platform with the "It's triggered via API" [trigger](https://support.vendasta.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406952880919-Automation-triggers).

> If you would like to pass custom data to this automation, you will also need to configure the return values to be the keys of the data payload that you are passing. This can be done by adding they keys of your data dictionary to the return values in the sidepanel of the trigger. By selecting the correct data types when configuring these return values, the automation will be able to automatically use this data for requirements of subsequent steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to pass custom data to this automation, you will also need to configure the return values to be the keys of the data payload that you are passing. This can be done by adding the keys of your data dictionary to the return values in the side panel of the trigger. By selecting the correct data types when configuring these return values, the automation will be able to automatically use this data for requirements of subsequent steps.
```
